Metacommentary - Assignment
Due: Monday, March 12th by 11:59pm

Objective
     This is in lieu of a final exam but it is intended to bring together the genres,
     materials, ideas, and discussions we have had over the semester. Your Metacommentary
     will address the intersections between the 19th century and out modern society.

Assignment
     Requirements
          1. The first section of your metacommentary should be an overview discussion
          on the course. In this section, your discussion should be a summary of
          the different genres and then broadly discuss how you feel studying these
          small portions interact and connect with our modern society.

          2.The second section of your essay is more specific and pointed. Using
          2 of the genres discussed this semester and drawing specific quotations
          from the primary materials, continue your discussion on the intersections
          of 19th-century literature and our modern world.  This section can be
          drawn from your reading journals; however, you will need to expand those
          ideas through added textual evidence and analysis. This section should
          be primarily close reading.

          3.Lastly, your paper will discuss your reactions, thoughts, and comments,
          and as with the reading journals, this can be the “personal” (using “I”
          here is fine). This will serve as the conclusion to your essay, drawing
          together your previous ideas into a discussion on how these have impacted
          your specific worldview.

Additional Requirements and Formatting
     Must be 5-6 pages in length.
     Use Times, Arial or Calibre font,
     12pt. double-spaced, with 1" margins
     Cover pages are not necessary;
          instead, include your name, teachers name, course number, and date in the
          upper left-hand corner of the first page.
     Please include last name and page numbers in a header on all subsequent pages
     Give your essay a title, centered, and the start the "body" of your text.
     Papers must be submitted in Word doc format to the D2l dropbox
