Project 2 NCWIT - Team 7

Group Members:
     Keaton Whitehead
     Matthew Coker
     Matthew Sredojevic
     Guillermo Rodriguez

Due Date:
     3.16.18 by 11:59 pm

Overview:
     We are given a dataset from the National Center for Women in Technology (NCWIT)
     to explore enrollments in Computing & Engineering disciplines over time.
     Our objective:
          To create visualizations that allow the stakeholders to effectively explore
          this data to answer different questions related to the diversity and inclusivity
          initiatives of NCWIT

Minimum Requirements:
     Include a README.md file that outlines:
          Information about your visualizations and what they show. Include information about interactions as appropriate.
          Your design process (e.g., how did you go about designing, building, and refining your system? Why did you choose these representations?)
          Your team roles for each individual
          How to run your project
     Include at least three unique visualizations:
          One visualization must include some element of time
          One visualization must not include any elements of time
          Each visualization must be interactive
          Your set of three visualizations should support at least one meaningful comparison between related data attributes
          Your set of three visualizations should visualize at least five data attributes total
     Be able to work with any dataset of this format (e.g., the numbers are interchangable but the columns and document titles are fixed).

Above and Beyond:
     Dashboarding: Show all three visualizations as part of the same screen.
     Added Visualizations: Provide more than three visualizations
     Dynamic Queries: Including UI widgets that allow you to change the current data field
     Missing Data: Not all rows have data for all columns. Design ways of handling missing data intelligently.
     Coordinated Views: Have two or more visualizations that interact with one another as you move through the data.
     Overview+Detail: Provide a pair of views that allow viewers to retain context as they navigate your data.
     Style: Keep the style consistent across all your views, with an eye towards intelligently applying visual design.

Platforms:
     Include step by step processes on how to run your projects
     Some platforms to consider:
          D3
          R with ggplot
          WebGL or Three.js
          Processing or ProcessingJS
          Google Maps API
          Open Street Map API
          Bokeh
          Creatively engineered tangible/audio artifacts
Submissions:
     All submissions must be made through GitHub with a timestamp by 11:59pm on 3.16. Your submission files should include:
          Your README
          Your code and/or project
     Note that each group only needs to submit one file.
     Each member of the team should also send me a project post-mortem through email
     with the subject line "INFO 4602/5602: Project 2" documenting the following:
          What you worked on in the project
          What your teammates worked on in the project
          How you would rate your performance and why
          How you would rate each teammates' performance and why
     These documents will be kept confidential and will factor into project grades.
     If you feel all of the team worked hard and performed well, please don't hesitate
     to tell me that (no curving is necessary on performance reviews :-))! Also,
     please keep in mind that different team members have different skillsets, roles,
     and experiences.

Grading:
     Project is out of 100 points total. The project will be graded on four different criteria:
          Creatively
          Technical execution
          Design (both aesthetic and your visulaization choices)
          Project Post-Mortems
