///////////////////////////////////////
ROM WALDEN:

Choose one of the sections required for this week. In your paragraph about the text,
please include the following:

1. a brief overview

2. why you chose this section to discuss

3. at least two direct quotations (1-2 sentences for each direct quotation) from
your section. After including the quotation, discuss the quotation

4. pose a question to the class on a passage, piece of the chapter, or really any
topic that interests you. Your question should be discussion based rather than a
simple "yes or no" kind of question. Along with your question, post some starting
responses or ideas to begin the discussion.

MODERN TAKE: One of the primary objectives for ENGL1600 is to consider the ways
in which the nineteenth-century text can be applied or seen in our modern society.
Using either your own example or draw from the starting ideas I gave you (like the
links I provided on minimalism), discuss the intersections of past and present in
relation to this weeks genre. In your posting, please use at least one example from
past and present and draw a connection for our class discussion.


///////////////////////////////////////

A brief overview

Why you chose this section to discuss

Two direct quotations and discuss

Pose a question

Notes:
     Minimalism
          Live with less than 100 things

          "Minimalism is a tool that can assist you in finding freedom. Freedom
          from fear. Freedom from worry. Freedom from overwhelm. Freedom from guilt.
          Freedom from depression. Freedom from the trappings of the consumer culture
          we’ve built our lives around. Real freedom."

          We give too much meaning to our belongings
               forsaking our health, our relationships, our passions, our personal
               growth and our desire to contribute beyond ourselves

          Helps us with:
               Eliminate our discontent
               Reclaim our time
               Live in the moment
               Pursue our passions
               Discover our missions
               Experience real freedom
               Create more, consume less
               Focus on our health
               Grow as individuals
               Contribute beyond ourselves
               Rid ourselves of excess stuff
               Discover purpose in our lives
          "Minimalists search for happiness not through things, but through life
          itself; thus, it’s up to you to determine what is necessary and what is
          superfluous in your life."

     Walden

     Chapter 1 Economy
          Lived alone and out of human contact for two years and two months... Why?

          Quote 1:
               "We commonly   do  not  remember   that   it   is,   after   all,   always
                the  first person  that  is   speaking.  I  should  not talk   so   much
                about  myself   if there were any body else whom I knew as well. Unfortunately,
                I am confined   to   this   theme   by  the  narrowness   of   my   experience.
                Moreover, I, on my side, require of every writer, first or last, a simple
                and sincere account of his own life, and not merely what he has heard
                of other men’s lives; some such account as he would send to his kindred
                from a distant land; for if he has lived sincerely, it must have been
                in a distant land to me. Perhaps these pages are more particularly addressed
                to poor students. As for the rest of my readers, they will accept such
                portions as apply to them. I trust that none will stretch the seams in
                putting on the coat, for it may do good service to him whom it fits."
                - page 6

          Quote 2:
               "Why should they begin digging their graves as soon as they are born?"
               -page 7

                    ~Here Walden is talking about how someone who inherit goods from
                    someone, be it family members or friends, and he is talking about
                    how that person's dreams die because it is easier for them to receive
                    the gift and harder to get rid of them. This forces the person
                    into a lifestyle that they did not choose. So they begin to dig
                    the grave of their own lively hood given these inherited goods.

          Quote 3:
               "Actually, the laboring man has not leisure for a true day by day;
               he cannot afford to sustain the manliest relations to men;
               his labor would be depreciated in the market. He has no time to be
               any thing but a machine. How can he remember well his ignorance—which
               his growth requires—who has so often to use his knowledge? We should feed
               and clothe him gratuitously sometimes, and recruit him with our cordials,
               before we judge of him. The finest qualities of our nature, like the
               bloom on fruits, can be preserved only by the most delicate handling.
               Yet we do not treat ourselves nor one another thus tenderly."
               -page 8

                    ~How can a man be himself when the world expects him to produce
                    his work like a machine. We live in a world that cares more about
                    the quality of the products than we do about the human behind
                    the work. We are not tender enough toward ourselves and others

          Quote 4:
               "The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation"
               -page 9

                    ~Such a good quote! Us men are socially pressured to not show
                    show emotion, not show fear, never back down, and never open
                    up but why? Why is this pressure upon men? Why are we all quietly
                    silenced and forced to shut out our true selves?

          Quote 5:
               "When he has obtained those things which are necessary to life, there
               is another alternative than to obtain the superfluities; and that is,
               to adventure on life now, his vacation from humbler toil having commenced."

Submission:
What is Minimalism?

It is an ideology where you remove everything but the bare essentials in your life that you give too much meaning to in order to reprioritize the things that truly matter in your life. It "is a tool that can assist you in finding freedom. Freedom from fear. Freedom from worry. Freedom from overwhelming. Freedom from guilt. Freedom from depression. Freedom from the trappings of the consumer culture we've built our lives around. Real Freedom". A quote from the minimalist reading describing their definition of minimalism. Here they are saying, not in a negative tone but rather one of opportunity, that we have been lied to and misled since we have been born. The things we buy, the things we cherish and hold on to for so many years are not important. Subconsciously we are putting too much value into material things in a material world, and minimalism breaks this unhealthy habit and allows you to take a step back. To take time to find real freedom. To spend time thinking instead of constantly entertained by a phone or tv. To recenter your life around your true being and not the external world that plays so well at sucking you in.

"We give too much meaning to our belongings ... We forsaking our health, our relationships, our passions, our personal growth and our desire to contribute beyond ourselves" the authors Joshua Fields Milburn & Ryan Nicodemusy say in their blog. The amount of time that we spend with our belongings the less we spend with the people we love and care about. The less we play with our pets or take them for a walk. The less time we have doing things that need to be done!

After I read the Walden reading I noticed a lot of similarities in the things he was saying and how our world works today. The world began to get too crazy for him and he had enough and had to leave it. I relate to that on so many levels it is crazy. There have been too many times where I have been beyond stressed out and over the edge with how the world functions and needed an escape. I found one quote very interesting from the reading and it was, "Why should they begin digging their graves as soon as they are born?". Here Walden was referring to someone who inherits goods, be it farm animals, equipment, a company, whatever; and the fact that the person who receives these gits has a much harder time getting rid of it than to use it. So when something like this happens they are forced to use it because they don't know how to get rid of it.

This can refer and be applied to many things. Minimalism, where if someone is given a computer/laptop as a gift they most inherently will use it. The person who receives it is forced to use it, yes it is a great gift and necessary to keep up in this modern world, but now that person has a device that will remove himself/herself from the world and force them to devote more time on an online world. The freedom that they once had has now been sold to a computer that will suck up their time every opportunity that it can. I say this because I have noticed this in my life. I use to never stay inside for hours at a time as a kid. I was always out exploring, having fun playing, hanging out with friends. But as soon as I got a laptop all that freedom went away. I would rather spend time watching YouTube videos and researching things on the web and programming than get back to enjoying life. I feel like the readings that we have been reading are the cries of our inner human telling us that we are not living the lives we were meant to. We are being removed from them and forced to do things that are not healthy for us. People today are taking (almost) the same steps Walden did in the sense of removing themselves from the crazy world. Minimalism is the modern version of what Walden was seeking. Freedom for the hectic world.  
