What to look for:
     Douglass's narrative begins with a short biography based upon what he could
     recall about his early years. In the first paragraph, we are given specific
     details about the place where he was born, but we are not given his birthdate
     - a piece of information he does not know.

     In chapter seven, Douglass describes his kind mistress who taught him to read
     - this is a vital component to the slave narrative genre, per the Olney article.
     Using specific quotations from the text,

Chapter 1
     How does Douglass talk about not knowing this information? What impact does
     it have on him? Why do you think masters denied slaves access to their birthdates?

          He says that he has no accurate knowledge of his age, and that he has
          never seen the authentic record containing it. He says "A want of information
          concering my own was a source of unhappiness to me even during childhood"(17).
          So he was clearly very unhappy about not knowing his birthday. He even
          goes on to talk about how "The white children could tell their ages" (17)
          and this made him feel very deprived as he did not have the same privilege.

     In chapter one, Douglass describes the beating of his Aunt Hester. Describe
     the scene and what happens to Aunt Hester. Why is she beaten? What is the reason
     that is given? What other reason(s) could you infer from the descriptions Douglass
     gives as to why she is beaten? How does watching Aunt Hester get beaten have
     on Douglass?

          "It stuck me with awful force. It was the blood-stained gate, the entrance
          to the hell of slavery, through which I was about to pass".

          She was whipped because she snuck out at night and was not present at the
          masters request.
          She was instructed not to go out during evenings, and not be caught in
          the company of a young man named Ned Roberts

          His master had found her with Ned and that was a chief offense.
          The master took her to the kitchen and stripped her from her neck to waist.
          Made her cross her hands and then he tied them with rope and lead her to
          a stool under a large hook in the joist. He tied her hands on the hook
          and began to whip her.

          Fred was so horrified that he hid in his closet and did not leave until
          long after the whipping was over.
          Up till then he had never seen the bad whippings because he lived on the
          edge of the plantation and stayed away from the bloody scenery.

     Notes:
          Mother - Harriet Bailey
               Daughter of Isaac and Betsy Bailey, both colored
               Hired by a Mr.Stewart
               Would sneak out over night to see Frederick and would travel by foot
               from a house 12 miles away
               Died when Fred was about 7 years old
                    Fred was not allowed to know about her death till it was too
                    late to do anything

          Father - White man, his master

          He was separated from his mother when he was an infant
               All slaves that are born are removed from their mother after 12 months
               and moved to a different location far from their mother to remove
               any possible affection of the mother.

          He had two masters, his first master was Anthony/Captain Anthony

Chapter 2
     Notes:
          Master's family consisted of two sons, Andrew and Richard, one daughter,
          Lucertia, and her husband, Captain Thomas Auld.

          His master was Colonel Lloyd's clerk and superintendent

          The plantation was 12 miles norht of Easton, in Talbot county, situated
          on the border of Miles River
               Raised tobacco, corn, and wheat

          Slaves were rewarded eight pounds of pork/fish, one bushel of corn meal,
          two coarse linen shirts, on pair of linen trousers, one jacket, a pair of
          trousers for winter, one pair of stockings, one pair of shoes.
               probably did not cost more than $70

          No beds were given to slaves
               They spent as little time cooking and doing other things so that
               they would have more time to sleep on the cold ground

          


Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7
     Discuss how the ability to read changes
     Douglass. Teaching slaves to read was against the law; literacy was yet another
     aspect denied African Americans during slavery. From this chapter, as well as
     your overall reading of Douglass's narrative, why do you think denying literacy
     was such a concern for white slave owners?

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10
     (Page 39)
     How do you interpret this statement? Describe the fight between
     Douglass and Covey. How does Douglass feel afterward? What is Douglass's mindset
     after the fight?
