Notes
//////////////
Narratives of slavery recounted the personal experiences of ante-bellum African
Americans who had escaped from slavery and found safety in the North.

Tone:
     1840 and 1860, when the romantic movement in American literature was in its
     most influential phase...

Quote:
     "The ante-bellum slave narrative was the product of fugitive bondmen who rejected
     the authority of their masters and their socialization as slaves and broke away,
     often violently, from slavery. . . . Through an emphasis on slavery as
     deprivation--buttressed by extensive evidence of a lack of adequate food, clothing,
     and shelter; the denial of basic familial rights; the enforced ignorance of
     most religions or moral precepts; and so on--the ante-bellum narrative pictures
     the South's "peculiar institution" as a wholesale assault on everything precious
     to humankind. Under slavery, civilization reverts to a Hobbesian state of nature;
     if left to is own devices slavery will pervert master and mistress into monsters
     of cupidity and power-madness and reduce their servant to a nearly helpless
     object of exploitation and cruelty" (79)"

Purposes:
     Attempted to arouse the sympathy of readers in order to promote humanitarianism
     Emphasized traditional Christian religious ideas
     Showed acceptance of the ideals of the dominant white society
     Emphasized the cruelty of individual slave owners

Influences:
     King James Bible
     New England sermonizing traditions
     Rhetoric and aims of abolitionist orators
     Devotional books like Pilgrim's Progress

Reasons for Popularity
     Scenes of horror and violence - acceptable gratification
     Religious influence: didactic content
     Interesting descriptions of life in the South
     Propaganda weapons during abolition and Civil War

Parallels with captivity Narratives
     Brought from state of protected innocence to confrontation with the evil of
     slavery and captivity
     Suffers from forced existence in an alien society
     Is unable to submit or effectively to resist
     Balances yearning for freedom against the perils of escape
     Sees his or her condition as a symbol of the suffering condition of all the
     lowly and oppressed
     Grows in moral and spiritual strength as a result of suffering and torment

Frequent Pattern:
     From Frances Smith Foster, Witnessing Slavery: The Development of Ante-bellum
     SlaveNarratives, [2d. ed., 1994]: "The plot of the nineteenth-century slave
     narrative is informed by theJudeo-Christian mythological structure on both
     the material and the spiritual levels.  The action moves from the idyllic life
     of a garden of Eden into the wilderness, the struggle for survival, the
     providential help, and the arrival into the Promised Land.  In addition, the
     plot of the slave narrative incorporates the parallel structure of birth into
     death and death into birth which also distinguishes the Judeo-Christian myth" (84).

     Four chronological phases.
          1) The loss of innocence
               objectified through the development of an awareness of what it means
               to be a slave. The descent from perfection or mortification
          2) Realization
               of alternatives of bondage and the formulation of a resolve to be free
                    The resolution to quit slavery is the climax to a conversion
                    experience.
          3) The escape
               Overcome evil, pitfalls, obstacles, the sufferings and moments of bravery
               encountered to achieve freedom.

Frequent Repeated Motifs:
     Exposes physical and emotional abuses of slavery: scenes of whipping, sexual abuse,
     starvation, especially in women or children
     Exposes (sometimes satirically) white owners' hypocrisy and inconstancyDescribes
     repeated raising of narrator's expectations only to have them dashed by whites
     Describes quest for literacyDescribes quest for freedomIncludes vignettes of
     other character types and the experience of slavery: those who succeed and
     those who failMakes overt appeals to imagined audienceDetails loss of significant
     family member(s) and the destruction of family tie
