1.1 The Big Picture
     *Computer-based visualization* systems provide visual representations of datasets
     designed to help people carry out tasks more effectively.

          Designers must take into account three very different kinds of resource
          limitations:
               those of:
               Computers
               Humans
               Displays

          Usage gan be analyzed in terms of why the user needs it, what data is
          shown, and how the idiom is designed

1.2 Why Have a Human in the Loop?
     ~Vis allows people to analyze data when they don't know what questions they
     need to ask in advance.
          Can be used with machine learning and statistics to find meaning
     ~This allows the computer to do all the heavy lifting and allows the Human
     to
     ~Be used for presentation to show an educated audience on your findings so

1.3 Why Have a Computer in the Loop?
     ~Allows you to show data over time and record it accurately

1.4 Why Use an External Representation?
     ~Vis allows people to offload internal cognition and memory usage to the perpetual
     system, using carefully designed images as a form of *external representations*,
     sometimes called also called external memory.
          Focus on two-dimensional display surface on a computer screen.
     ~Advantages:
          Information can be organized by spatial location
          Search can speed up by grouping all the items necessary in the same location
          Recognition can be facilitated by grouping the relevant information about
          one item in the same location.

     ~Disadvantages:
          Non-optimal diagram may group irrelevant information together
          Support perceptual inferences that are not useful.

1.5 Why Depend on Vision?
     ~Exploiting the human visual system as a means of communication. I focus exclusively
     on the visual system rather than other sensory modalities because it is best for
     transmitting information

1.6 Why show the data in detail?
     Help seeing the dataset structure in detail is better than seeing a summary of it
     
