Girl - Jamaica Kincaid
     Stage 1. Linguistic
          First level is paying close attention to the surface language elements:
               Vocabulary, diction, grammar, and syntax.
          Largely descriptive, we are looking at the big picture, seeing what is
          where and using that as our starting point.
               What is on the surface?
               What is obvious about the text?

          Build a foundation with general questions.

     Stage 2. Semantic
          Look deeper to what is already there within the text. Start to look at
          differences or patterns.

          Denotation and Connotation
               Denotation
                    Direct and specific meaning of a word

               Connotation
                    May have a different meaning based on the context it was used in

     "Girl" notes:
          "This is how to make a good medicine for a cold; this is how to make a good
          medicine to throw away a child before it even becomes a child;"

     Stage 3. Structural
          Examining both the physical structure of the text - how are the words,
          phrases, sentences, paragraphs, and pages put together on the pages - and
          the relationship between the words, word order, and word choice.

          Analytical
               Need to assess the relationship between the words, the text, the reader,
               the audience, and the author.

     "Girl" notes:
          There is no room to breath, it goes by fast, and there is no time to stop.
          There is no indentation, no break, no lead in.
          Feels like we walked into a conversation.

          Punctuation
               Just from looking at the punctuation there are no periods, lots of commas,
               semicolons, and no time to breath.

               Use of italics
                    Shows the daughter speaking
                    Only shown twice
                         Is the author trying to say that this is how their relationship
                         is? Barely any back and forth between the daughter and mother?

               After a question the mother has already moved on to a different topic
               that the daughter's response is no longer relevant.

     Stage 4. Cultural
          Examining the text in relationship to the "culture". This means reading
          the text in relation to the world around us, whether that is historically,
          culturally, socially, psychologically, racially, or gendered
